# Data Description: The research topic is Study on The Influence of Drilling Parameters on Cortical Bone Drilling Performance. The main content of this research is to use finite element simulation software to simulate the process of cortical bone drilling and to study the impact of drilling parameters on the entire process, to provide suggestions and references for future related medical research. In this research, the most important data is the simulation results of cortical bone drilling process using finite element software. The finite element software used in the simulation process is ABAQUS, which can intuitively display the simulation results, and can store the result data as an Excel table according to the needs of users. In this study, the amount of the first three data is approximately 50KB-250KB, the amount of drilling force data will be around 500KB and the amount of simulation model data is about 1GB-5GB.
# Roles and responsibilities: The source of the research data is my undergraduate thesis, so this research was done by me alone. Therefore, in this research, I am responsible for ensuring that the data management plan will be implemented. The key data management responsibilities in the project is data collection/data generation, data analysis and archiving and preservation. Also, because the research was done by myself, I also played all these roles by myself. If I leave or change the research project, I will delete the research data or give it to the person who will take over the project. If someone joins my research and manages the data, but then leaves again, I will let him send all the research data to me and delete the relevant data in his device before leaving.
# Data standards and metadata：Dataset 1: Drill model. In this study, the model of the drill was built in SolidWorks software. In this experiment, the diameter of the drill bit is one of the variables that need to be controlled for the study, so for the drill model, the data that needs to be separately recorded and analyzed is the diameter of the drill model, which will be recorded in the Excel model I created. The drill model is distinguished by the file naming strategy. The name template is: Drill-xx. xx is the value of the drill diameter such as 5 and 10. Dataset 2: Simulation result model. The 3D simulation model was created in ABAQUS software. Each time the finite element simulation process is completed, a new version of the simulation result model will be generated. The difference in the versions of these simulation result models is due to changes in the values of the drill speed and drill feed speed as input values during the simulation. Because the dataset of the simulation model in this study does not need to be changed too much, the software is not used for version control. The method of distinguishing these different versions of the model is still the file naming strategy, so that I don't need to open the file and see which version of the model is directly. The name template is: Model-vr1-vr2. Vr1 means drill rotation speed and vr2 means drill feed speed. Dataset 3: research sample. I created an Excel template to collect this data. The data of each simulation process will be recorded in this Excel template. This is convenient for data comparison and analysis. This part of the data is the key data needed after the experiment is completed, including the diameter parameter in the drill bit model, the input value of the simulation process and the simulation result. Specifically, it includes four data: drill diameter, drill rotation speed, drill feed speed and drilling force. The Excel model includes information about variables such as units.
# Storage and security：During the project, the data was stored on my computer and the mentor computer of my project. At the same time, paper records of research paper content and data are stored in the tutor's office, and copies of them are stored in my residence. These data will be stored in the computer of my tutor and me for two years. When they are uploaded to the database of Tianjin University of Technology, they will be permanently saved.Regarding the backup of research data, I have used three methods in total. The first is the backup of the paper version of the document. I will make two copies of the paper version of the document and store it in my home to avoid the loss of the document stored in the dormitory. Secondly, all research data stored on my computer will be automatically backed up to my external storage device (removable hard disk) every day during the research period. After the research is completed, all the research data and content will be carved into two CDs, one of which is handed over to the university and the other is handed over to the instructor for backup. At the same time, I will back up the research data to cloud storage (The cloud storage program is Baidu Cloud that similar in function to Microsoft Cloud and used in China) every week to avoid the loss of external storage devices. External storage devices can also prevent cloud storage from being destroyed or disappeared.
# Access and data sharing：In this research, there is a factor that limits the availability of shared data during the research process. According to Requirements for Graduation Thesis of Tianjin University of Technology, the 3D models and the parameters and results of experiments in the research cannot be shared with other students with similar research projects during the research process and can only be discussed when the tutor holds a student meeting. In order to prevent plagiarism, students can only share data with their tutors before the research and thesis defense are completed. After the research is completed and the defense is passed, there are no more factors that limit the availability of shared data.	After the research project is completed and the graduation defense is passed, the research data in the research will be made public.The data of these research results will be presented in the paper and published together with the paper. At the same time, the Excel table of the research results and the models established in the research will be packaged with the paper and uploaded to the database of Tianjin University of Technology. The public can find relevant data here.Data sharing formats include: papers in PDF format containing research results and model screenshots; Excel tables that store research parameters and results separately; a drill model created using SolidWorks, the format is SOLIDWORKS Part Document (.SLDPRT); the finite element drilling model established by ABAQUS is in the format of ODB file (a binary file, which needs ABAQUS software to open，ABAQUS is a finite element simulation software widely used in engineering). In terms of use, reuse, and creation of derivative, according to the license of this dataset, anyone can freely research, apply, copy and/or modify the works or expressions for any purpose. However, two conditions need to be observed. The first is that the user must give an appropriate attribution, provide a link to this license agreement, and indicate whether (the original work) has been modified. The second is that users must not apply legal provisions or technical measures to legally restrict others from performing any operations permitted by the license. The identification of terms of use is Attribution 4.0 (CC BY 4.0).
# Archiving and preservation：After the project ends, the folder containing all the data will be compressed and uploaded to the database of Tianjin University of Technology. At the same time, my tutor and I will also save it on our own computers. In the database, the compressed folder will be permanently saved, and it will be kept on the computer of the project instructor and me for two years. The format of the compressed file package is a zip file. The data format in the compressed file package is the same as the data format in the second question.
